ten ways to tune up your smartphone that
won't cost you a thing we all know that
the smart in smartphone is there for a
reason we rely on these devices for so
many different things and can't imagine
our lives without them as perfect as
they may seem at making our lives easier
they sometimes could use a little
tweaking in order to reach their full
potential
but tuning them up to get a few extra
functions costs money that were not so
willing to part with we at bright side
have put together a list of simple and
basically free solutions to upgrade your
phone watch this video to the end to
find out how to make powerful phone
speakers in less than a minute free of
charge
number 10 taking great pictures with
your phone in the era of Instagram we
all love taking stunning pictures and
posting them online let's see how many
of you are part of the army of
photographers hit the thumbs up if
you're with us there are countless
different apps for cool filters and
effects but it takes time to rummage
through this sea of photo enhancing
programs to find the one you like plus
you're restricted to just the filters
that they provide but what if it were
possible to instantly take great
pictures with awesome effects already on
them well it's possible using this trick
that'll save you precious time and money
and it's so easy to do you just need to
stick a piece of clear tape over the
camera of your phone and color it with
any markers you like we guarantee an
artsy result that'll make your followers
beg you to share your new filter
secret number nine making a tripod for
your phone every once in a while we all
need to snap a group picture with all
our friends to get a full-body shot
showing off our outfit of the day or
hard work at the gym or to take a video
with our phone that's not shaky the good
news is you'll no longer have to ask
strangers to take a picture for you or
buy an expensive tripod and carry it
around all the time
our DIY tripod is made from just two
rubber bands all you have to do is tie
them together and make sure the knot is
secure then put one end of the rubber
band on your phone and wrap it around a
plastic bottle a tree or pole or
whatever is next to you and standing
upright secure the other end of the
rubber band around your phone and it's
done it'll take your vlogs and selfies
to a whole new level number eight making
VR goggles for your phone virtual
reality is becoming a more and more
popular and entertaining trend many
games and videos are created to include
this sensational experience however to
enjoy virtual reality on our smartphones
we need special goggles that aren't
exactly cheap but don't worry there is a
practical way to make something similar
and way more affordable on your own find
a template for VR glasses online print
it out cut it out on cardboard and glue
together the pieces as instructed
then just add some by convex lenses and
you're ready to dive into virtual
reality without taking a trip to the
electronics store
number seven turning your phone into a
disco ball if you got on the fidgets
spinner bandwagon admit it we all did
and quickly became bored with it like an
hour later yep everybody did that too
here's an idea of what you can do with
this short-lived trendy toy use it to
turn your smartphone into a disco ball
take a spinner and remove the metal
wheels from it find three different
color drinking straws cut
section off each and glue them to the
spinner covering the round holes where
the wheels work now put a spare phone
case on your phone unless you want to
stick the spinner right on its surface
or on your usual case use plastic glue
to attach the spinner to your phone or
case switch off the lights turn on the
flash on your phone and roll the spinner
oh and don't forget your disco shoes
number 6 making a joystick for your
phone ever wanted a joystick to make
playing games on your phone a lot easier
and more comfortable well it can be a
reality and it'll cost you nothing first
cut a plastic bottle into two pieces
using a craft knife then use scissors to
cut a strip four to six inches long from
around the bottle get a small piece of
sponge and wrap it in aluminum foil to
make a small ball glue the tip of the
plastic strip to the foil ball then glue
the end and other parts of the strip to
get a round shape and make it strong
grab two rubber bands attach them to
your circle as shown in the picture and
put them together then just put this on
your phone turn on a game and use it as
a joystick enjoy your new high scores
number 5 boosting your phone's
flashlights have you ever used your
phone as a flashlight and have you
noticed that it's often not strong
enough hit the thumbs up if you can
relate don't sweat it
this problem can easily be fixed take a
bottle cap wrap it up in foil and fill
it with glue using a glue gun once it's
dried and solidified take the glue mold
out and attach it to your phone with
scotch tape if you don't want to ruin
the surface use a phone case to cover
the flash now you've got yourself a way
stronger flashlight
number four taking closeup pictures on
your phone do you want to take close-up
pictures on your phone but your camera
won't have any of it an overpriced macro
lens could be the way out of course but
isn't it better to take just a few
minutes and create one of your own
you'll just need to find an old laser
pointer with a focusing lens glued
inside it remove the lens and holding it
with a bobby pin attach it to your
smartphone
the effect is incredible pictures of
your fingernails will look way more
professional now just kidding
we know you need the lens for much more
interesting shots number three get rid
of all that dust this one might not
sound as cool as a disco ball but it's
here for a reason
dust plus electronics does not equal a
good situation and your phone is no
exception it slows your phone down and
ruins the quality of your pictures so
let's just get rid of it you can vacuum
your house but will it work on your
phone yes if you do it wisely cut off
the bottom part of a plastic cup and cut
a hole in the middle of the removed cup
bottom large enough to stick a plastic
straw through it attach it securely with
a glue gun now
with this cap on a vacuum hose and
carefully suck out those microscopic
dust bunnies from your phone a
particular attention to all the outlets
and the camera lens it's better if you
turn your phone off before doing this
number two making a stylus for your
phone stylus is for smart phones are not
as popular as they used to be but there
are still certain situations that coffin
up for example if you like to draw
pictures on your phone or tablet but
your fingers make it hard for you a
stylus might be a bit expensive though
so there's a perfect way to easily make
it yourself all you need to do is roll
an ordinary pen in aluminum foil and
press the edges tightly done and done
don't worry it won't scratch your screen
take your noodles to a whole new level
with your new DIY stylus number one
pumping up the volume of your phone
do you love listening to music in the
shower but the volume on your phone is
just not loud enough to hear over the
noise of the water well it's a common
problem and there's no need to consider
buying an expensive amplifier for your
smartphone there is a really easy way to
pump up the volume on your device you
just need one thing a glass an empty one
to be precise the next time you need
higher volume just put your phone in a
glass a large paper cup will also work
just fine problem solved
are you looking for more fun things to
do with your phone then check out this
video we hope you'll try and love the
hacks we've shared today click the like
button if we've given you some cool
ideas you want to give a go if this
video gets 200,000 likes we'll share
another one on DIY phone gadgets the
best way to always stay tuned is to
subscribe to our Channel remember life
is better on the bright side